Letty
Tools put together into a structured way. We are all sharing our tools and our knowledge, lets put something together to
explain in a structured way, all of the knowledge that we are sharing across domains. We are Omega and we are doing sensemaking
across all of the crypto flowers. Reconciliance project. All of this story telling and research.

Sbilbao
Community structures are one of my favorite topics of research. Treefolding is a way of representing the social organism. The
three spheres that come together and balancing those spheres as they come together. It allows for an organic way of decision making,
natural law, essentially, inputs coming in, outputs coming out, and rhythm between the two. Culture, Economics, ...

Zeptimus
What really is a token engineer and how can the TEC be most helpful to them?

Shawn
Assume that crypto-economics will be wildly successful, then it's important that we bake in the ethics at these early stages. 

Chuygarcia92
The hard part is finding a coordinated community with shared values. The easy part is introducing the blockchain tools for
governance or funding. Instead of curating ethics here, we can bring token engineering to the communities and see what their
perspective of ethics is. In other words, preserving a communities ethos. 

Just like having credits in a movie. It was original to indicate that someone was participating. Time passed by and now the credits themselves
has become an aesthetics feature. The process is going to redefine itself. 

Lydia
Anthropology background. Working with vulerable communities. Background in peace work, do no harm approaches. Interested in expanding these
discussions with people outside of workinggroup omega, forums, discussion rounds, structured talks. Interested in decision making and conflict
management and resolution with the gravity working group. I really like this participatory approach. Meanwhile, I'm very new and not quite able to 
indentify the topics that are rellevant. 

Peter
An aspiring token engineer. Enthusiastic to learn as much about token engineering as I can and I think that ethics is very
important in that. It's not a question of if but when web3 takes over our lives. If we are engineering incentives to guide peoples
behaviour then it's very important to have ethics in that. 
